docs: tip to intercept all queries (#6849)
strongloop/loopback-next: docs/site/Interceptor.md

app.interceptor(MetricsInterceptorProvider, {global: true, group: 'metrics'});
```

> {% include tip.html content="If you need to intercept all requests, including these destinated to a LB3 mounted app, you can use [a Loopback middleware](https://loopback.io/doc/en/lb4/Middleware.html#loopback-style-middleware)" %}

Reviewer: Apologies for missing this PR, may I suggest that we reference the Markdown file directly? The docs generator will automatically convert it into the relevant URLs:
```suggestion
{% include tip.html content="If you need to intercept all requests, including these destinated to a LB3 mounted app, you can use a [LoopBack Middleware](./Middleware.md#loopback-style-middleware)" %}
```
